Add people ops section to Fleet handbook (#3896)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/operations.md

# Operations

## People Ops

### Hiring a new team member

1. Reach out to Mike and Zach and give them an opportunity to meet the candidate.

> 2. Research compensation using [Pave](https://www.pave.com), making sure to adjust for geographical factors. *If you're unsure of your findings, ask for help from Mike.*

Reviewer: What are "geographical factors"? I think it would be helpful to include some examples.

Reviewer 2: replace "geographical factors" with "cost of living where the candidate will do the work."

> 3. Share the compensation information you've gathered with Eric. Eric will confirm all this information with Mike and document this decision in the [compensation decisions document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NQ-IjcOTbyFluCWqsFLMfP4SvnopoXDcX0civ-STS5c/edit) for future reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Share the compensation information you've gathered with Eric. Eric will confirm the information with Mike and document this decision in the [compensation decisions document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NQ-IjcOTbyFluCWqsFLMfP4SvnopoXDcX0civ-STS5c/edit) for future reference.
```

> 4. After compensation has been determined, you need to create two documents for the candidate, an "exit scenarios" spreadsheet and an "informal offer email" template. If you need these templates, reach out to Eric on slack, and he will provide you links that automatically create copies Change the name of the documents accordingly (e.g., "[candidate's name]'s copy of exit scenarios,") and link to the exit scenarios spreadsheet from the offer email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After compensation has been determined, create two documents for the candidate:

- "Exit scenarios" spreadsheet
- "Informal offer email" template. 

If you need these templates, reach out to Eric on Slack, and he will provide you links that automatically create copies. 

Change the name of the documents accordingly (e.g., "[candidate's name]'s copy of exit scenarios,") and link to the exit scenarios spreadsheet from the offer email.
```

Reviewer: Point 4 implies that you will need templates for "Exit scenarios" and "Informal offer email", but the following text suggests "IF you need these templates, reach out to Eric for a link". Can we remove any confusion/extra admin for all involved and just link to the templates from here?

> 5. Prepare the informal offer email. You'll need to fill the following information to the template: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Prepare the informal offer email. You'll need to add the following information to the template: 
```

   - Candidate's name and email address
   - Candidate's start date
   - Candidate's compensation
   - Candidate's reporting manager
   - Equity offered to the candidate (make this information a link to the candidate's exit scenarios spreadsheet)
   - Benefits (determined by the candidate's location)

6. Prepare the exit scenarios spreadsheet. Enter the percentage of equity offered to the candidate, and the spreadsheet will update to reflect this. 
   

>       >**_Note:_** *Don't play with numbers in the exit scenarios spreadsheet. the revision history is visible to the candidate, and they might misunderstand.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      >**_Note:_** *Don't play with numbers in the exit scenarios spreadsheet. The revision history is visible to the candidate, and they might misunderstand.*
```

> 7. Once both documents are complete, share the offer email draft, exit scenarios copy, and a link to the compensation decision, and send them to Eric for confirmation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Once both documents are complete, share the offer email draft, exit scenarios copy, and a link to the compensation decision, with Eric for confirmation.
```

Reviewer: Should it read like this suggestion, or are the listed documents meant to be shared with someone else before sending them to you?

8. After Eric confirms that everything is correct, Mike or Zach will send the offer email. The offer email is copied directly from Google drive and sent to the candidate. When they send the offer, Mike or Zach will edit the permissions of the exit scenarios sheet and share with the candidate.

   >**_Note:_** *When hiring an international employee, Pilot.co recommends starting the hiring process a month before the new employee's start date.*

### Steps after an offer is accepted

> 1. Once an offer is accepted in writing, reply to the candidate, CCing Eric via his Fleet email address to introduce the candidate to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once an offer is accepted in writing, reply to the candidate, CCing Eric via his Fleet email address to introduce the candidate to him.
```

2. If the new team member is in the United States, Eric will reach out to them and get any information needed (typically the new team member's home address and phone number) and send them a consulting or employment agreement through [Docusign](https://www.docusign.com/). If the new team member is an international employee or contractor, Eric will start the hiring process in [Pilot](https://pilot.co/).

   >**_Note:_** *International contractor and employment agreements are handled by the Pilot.co when you start the hiring process.*

> 3. **For US employees/contractors** After an agreement is signed and stored in the correct Google

Reviewer: Is there a reason why all of point 3 has been split over separate lines? I assume it's a copy/paste error or something?

   Drive folder, Eric will start onboarding the new team member in [Gusto](https://gusto.com/).

>    If the new team member is a W-2 employee, the Eric will reach out to them and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the new team member is a W-2 employee, Eric will reach out to them and
```

   schedule an I-9 verification meeting. 

   >**_Note:_** *If we're hiring in a new state, we'll have to register for state taxes and unemployment. This process can be handled by Gusto. *

> 4. Before their first day at Fleet, Eric will create a new [Google Workspace account](https://admin.google.com/ac/users) for the new team member, add the team member to the [Fleet Github organization](https://github.com/fleetdm), create an onboarding issue in the [fleetdm/confidential](https://github.com/fleetdm/confidential/issues) Github repo, and invite them to join the Fleet Slack. If the new team member needs to purchase a work computer, Eric will set them up with a [Brex](https://dashboard.brex.com/team/invite-user) card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Before their first day at Fleet, Eric will create a [Google Workspace account](https://admin.google.com/ac/users) for the new team member, add them to the [Fleet Github organization](https://github.com/fleetdm), create an onboarding issue in the [fleetdm/confidential](https://github.com/fleetdm/confidential/issues) Github repo, and invite them to join Fleet Slack. If the new team member needs to purchase a work computer, Eric will set them up with a [Brex](https://dashboard.brex.com/team/invite-user) card.
```
